StratConn GA Launch Docs Updates (#2566)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-enhanced-conversions/index.md

2. Search for “Google Enhanced Conversions” in the Destinations Catalog, and select the destination.
3. Click **Configure Google Enhanced Conversions** in the top-right corner of the screen.
4. Select the source that will send data to Google Enhanced Conversions and follow the steps to name your destination.
5. On the **Settings** tab, enter the Conversion ID and click **Save**. Find the Conversion ID in your Google Ads account using the instructions in the article [Google Ads conversions](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/6105160?hl=en){:target="_blank"}. You'll follow these same instructions to get the Conversion Label, which you'll need when you set up your first Mapping.
6. On the **Settings** tab, authenticate with Google using OAuth. Click **Connect to Google Enhanced Conversions**. Follow the prompts to authenticate using OAuth, with a Google login that is a member of the Google Ads account with Enhanced Conversions enabled.
7. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation on [Customizing mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customizing-mappings).

> info

> > The Conversion ID is a global setting because it is an account-level ID that is the same for all conversion actions in your Google Ads account. The Conversion Label is unique to each conversion action, and is therefore configured per Mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Conversion ID is a global setting because it's an account-level ID that's the same for all conversion actions in your Google Ads account. The Conversion Label is unique to each conversion action and is therefore configured per Mapping.
```
